# (temporary) place to host a layout wiki.

The way it works now is that each directory is a layout, and each directory must contain:
1. a `layout.kb` file. This is a file containing exactly 30 characters, whitespace is discarded.
2. a `stats.txt` file. This contains stats generated by the Oxey Analyzer currently, but you can use
anything you want. They will be incorporated automatically.

Optionally, you can supply it with a `text.md` file. If it contains text, it will be interpreted and used in the following way:

any number of hashes `#` signals a header, this will be used on the top of each section, but is not required.
the line after this starts the body of the section. This uses markdown for basic text formatting and linking. Things like quote blocks, tables and lists do not work. You can create paragraphs by leaving a line of whitespace (two newlines) between blocks of text, single newlines are ignored.

Currently supported formatting is the following:
* \**single asterisks*\* or \_*_single underscores_\_ are used for _italics_,
* \*\**double asterisks*\* are used for **bold** text,
* \_\___double underscores__\_\_ are used for __underlined__ text,
* \~\~~~double tildes~~\~\~ are used for ~~strikethrough~~,
* \``single backtics`\` are used for inline code,
* \[link text to show in place of url\]\(url\) is used for links.

To have these formatted and included in the html, you first have to make sure your layout and its language is included in the `to_update.txt` file inside the `.create` folder. The formatting for this file is the following:
```
<layout name, can include dashes, underscores or semicolons> ~ <language>
```
After having done this, you can simply run the `create_templates.py` python script inside the `.create` folder, and you're on your merry way.

